Documents Unsupported ansible modules Q/A (#2068)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/faq.md

  - deployments/finalizers
```

## My Ansible module is missing a dependency. How do I add it to the image? 

Unfortunately, adding the entire dependency tree for all Ansible modules would be excessive. Fortunately, you can add it easily. Simply edit your build/Dockerfile. You'll want to change to root for the install command, just be sure to swap back using a series of commands like the following right after the `FROM` line.

```
USER 0
RUN yum -y install my-dependency
RUN pip3 install my-python-dependency
USER 1001
```

> If you aren't sure what dependencies are required, start up a container using the image in the `FROM` line as root. That's probably look something like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you aren't sure what dependencies are required, start up a container using the image in the `FROM` line as root. That will look something like this.
```
